Doc: Updating vtex-io-documentation-edition-app.md (#1239)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/vtex-io/Reference/concepts/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app.md

Apps included as [`dependencies`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-dependencies) within an Edition App are considered inherited apps. Moreover, all apps bundled within an Edition App must share the same [`vendor`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-manifest) as the Edition App itself.

> >ℹ️ Sponsored Accounts cannot modify apps and configurations installed through an Edition App. Only the Sponsor Account has the authority to make changes by releasing a new version of its Edition App and requesting a reinstallation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>ℹ️ Sponsored Accounts can't modify apps and configurations installed through an Edition App. Only the Sponsor Account has the permission to make changes by releasing a new version of its Edition App and requesting a reinstallation.
```
